welcome guys so welcome to the healthy
gamer GG stream my name is dr. Alec Cano
jeah I'm a psychiatrist practicing in
Boston Massachusetts we have a very
exciting stream today we're gonna have
Bobby scar Bobby scar I think Bobby scar
Newman I'm confused
but oh and a hypetrain
fantastic so we're gonna talk to Bobby I
think Bobby wants to talk a little bit
about Padma so in the past we've talked
about the Sun script word called Dharma
which means duty or responsibility and
one of the big things that I advocate
for is for people to find their Dharma
and I think that that becomes important
because Dharma is that would just allow
that which allows us to tolerate
negative things are suffering with like
actually just a lot of strength so it's
easy to do hard things if they're
aligned with your Dharma and I think a
lot of times people struggle because it
thanks for the subs nifty a lot of times
people struggle because when you think
about like the hard things that you have
to do in life you don't have like a good
reason to do them right so if it's like
getting out of that or finding a job
like finding a job in and of itself is
not a good reason to
I mean sure like it's a good idea to
have a job but like money is not
actually like a motivator that's gonna
help you overcome let's say video game
addiction or depression or things like
that so you need like a really good like
you need a cause like you need a cause
for yourself so termas like a personal
cause and I think Bobby wants to talk
some about that what's up man
uh not a whole lot just better still
rising Li not back to normal which you
know is taking way longer than I
expected but can we just do a quick
sound sound check we can test one two
does he sound okay I hear you okay the
people can hear me what is up with it
just a lot of them well yeah okay great
Oh some someone saying they
a little louder that's what it sounds
like to you okay test one two all right
so Bobby so tell me I'm so first of all
I'm sorry I know we've been scheduled to
talk a couple of times I just got like
laid low for a really long time yeah and
have been kind of out for two weeks so
sorry about that but hopefully I mean
I'm here now and hopefully I can help so
help me understand a little bit about I
understand you've kind of reached out to
us because you had some questions about
Dharma I just realized that you're like
the one person I've responded to on
Twitter to by the way that's yeah I
didn't see you respond and I was like oh
that's weird
why you would be healthy gamer GG but
you have your own Twitter yeah so and I
barely know how to use it so yeah that
should change I should probably get on
on Twitter and spend a little bit less
time on reddit yeah I'm for sure but so
tell me a little bit about you know what
you wanted to talk about today and and
how we can be helpful so I mean I
reached out to you originally first of
all that's a great question I'm not sure
that I know and I'm interested in
letting you drive okay you know you can
poke around and play with some things
we've got some directions to kind of go
in I reached out to you originally you
mind if I do a quick introduction know
where the hell means but yeah for those
of you don't know me yeah I'm Bobby
Starr I am if you do know me then you
know me from the melee community I'm an
X Pro player I was really good in 2009
still good in 2012 trying to be good in
2019 but I don't I don't have the time
that the kids do and I know right so I'm
kind of like an elder you might call me
at this time so I transitioned into
content creation and I'm a streamer not
full-time or anything but I shoutcast
big tournaments and stuff like that and
I make some YouTube content but along
the way I kind of realized you know I've
as I got a job and kind of gained more
responsibility or whatever
I've been tugged kind of in a direction
in my whole life
sorry and it was kind of I guess I
realized in retrospect you know I like
played this game and I tried to get
better at it pretty much obsessively
from college
and kind of as I looked back as I got
older I was like oh man
you know I learned how to create video
content from the melee community I
learned how to kind of like think from
the melee community I kind of learned
who I was and what I cared about from
this community I got my first job
through a connection in the community so
I kind of like had an increasing sense
that the game kind of made me everything
that I am and taught me everything that
I know and so kind of like looking back
I realized I've been trying to build
community to kind of make sure that
other people can have access to the
thing that gave me kind of like
everything that matters to me well yeah
and so that took me to live streaming so
i work at twitch I've been at twitch
almost seven years now so that's really
long in the you know if you talk about
like dog years it's like two lifetimes
and in tech yeah and you know when we
met I think I told you you know I you've
seen the matrix I see myself more as
Morpheus in this case you're neo where
I've been like scanning twitch for
someone to arise that's gonna look a lot
like you and kind of do all the things
that you're doing and you know it
happened in the last I don't know six
months or so and so like I've spent a
long time you know looking looking for
you so I people I wanted to help that's
why I reached out originally okay well
yeah so if you guys are just tuning in
so bobbi and I have had a so we
connected a little bit when I had to
cancel cuz I was sick and we were just
kind of joking back and forth about
which one of us is neo and which one of
us is Morpheus
I thought I was Morpheus than you or neo
but we can get into it the first thing I
want to just comment on first of all
Bobbi is that it sounds like you know so
I know that there's a lot of flack
against gaming right now and like gaming
communities and gamers in 2019 the World
Health Organization sort of classified
video game addiction as a disorder and
recently like president Trump made some
comments about school shooters being
related to like violence related video
games and things like that I just want
to just kind of just point out that I
think it's really amazing that it sounds
like your involvement in the melee
community has really given you a lot of
pause
like it's given you your first job
opportunity it's taught you how to train
it's not you how to think and and so
like gaming is not evil in fact it
sounds like it's a huge way to kind of
help you figure out who you are yeah
yeah for as far as I can tell a game
when people are connected around it kind
of it becomes this external and kind of
objective way of communicating in a
sense you know we all agree to the rules
of the game and then once we agree then
we can really enter some dialogue about
it and it helps kind of it also helps us
kind of be more objective and like you
believe what the game tells you in terms
of like if I win then probably I know
something that you don't even if I can't
express it or communicate it personally
so I don't know I found that I found
that in a weird way a game can kind of
help people connect on a human level
like if you don't have any objective
kind of thing that we're all looking at
then we could be talking about two
different things and kind of not realize
it I think my life has been about two
key themes one is communication and two
is about belonging like I've kind of
just been obsessed with how hard it is
to communicate with people and how it's
really interesting a lot of the times so
I remember as a kid watching people in
my family talk and it was really clear
that there were two different
conversations happening or you could
totally tell that person one thought
that it was the same conversation and
person two thought it was the same
conversation and like neither of them
were correct it's just very interesting
how you know you can piece the puzzle of
the conversation together even if it's
wrong really easily sure I think maybe
what you're referring to is that
oftentimes when people have
conversations they're sort of just
waiting for the other person to stop
talking so that they can share their own
thoughts and it's not like two
concurrent monologues as opposed to an
actual dialogue which yeah I see a lot
is that kind of what you mean I in that
I think more it happens I notice in
conflict so say two people are not
getting what they need they're talking
about it I've been
taken aback by like how unclear
conversation participants can be about
what the real issue is you know what are
you really upset about is a question
that I think that I ask a lot and I'm
not sure how its received but I don't
hear asked a lot and I think a lot of
the time you know two people could make
peace but they never get to their real
problem and so so you said the other
thing that you've been kind of curious
about is belonging so can you tell me
yet about that yeah so you know growing
up so I was born in the east coast to a
Catholic family
and it's it sorry I definitely have
something stuck in my throat I've been
thinking about all the ways that I felt
that I didn't fit in and all the you
know little factors they conspired to
make that you know really kind of
obvious but you know I didn't really fit
in my family I wasn't really into sports
I D converted from Catholicism and I
think high school which is an experience
that I haven't really reflected on
enough it's like a big deal to kind of
walk away from something like that
without anything else to catch you I
didn't really fit in in grade school you
know I had a series of friends where
like kind of kind of I guess from my
young perspective I was betrayed or
whatever but we would have falling outs
I think in part because you know what my
parents spoiled me and you know I had a
bunch of stuff and so it's kind of a
little bit weird to have a bunch of
stuff and then your friends don't have
as much and then it's like kind of I
didn't know why that was the case
etcetera
but anyway so having not belong for
quite a long time but then finally melee
and like having this real sense that I
do fit in was kind of nuts it's one of
those things where something was missing
but I didn't know what and then I had
this thing and it's like oh this is the
thing that was missing like this is
really great and so what was it that you
found with melee well I think for
first time you know I to be honest like
I've reflected on this question a lot
and I think that the the answer is that
it's my it looses what me we is yeah
yeah for the Gamecube by the way I
thanks to profound soup for the gifted
subs thank you profound is that someone
yeah thanks for your support you were
saying um Bobby yeah I think that it's
kind of this this sense of purpose that
is purposeless you had this pure sense
of play I think that's what I found like
I found this sense of inspiration that
came totally from within so it's like I
want to get good at this game for no
other reason than I want to and then
also that it was kind of sustainable and
I could go really really deep and there
were other people who were that deep and
who are interested in that I I don't
know about I don't know about you but
I've I'm one of those people where say a
friend will say hey have you ever
watched this series like have you gotten
into the wire for example and I'll watch
it but I'll watch it and get really
really deep into the lore and before I
know it I'm asking them if they know
stuff and they don't so it's like I
always feel like I go a little bit
deeper in something that really
interests me and then I end up kind of
like alone you know deep inside the lore
of something so sure that's not super
sustainable like you may enjoy the
content but you don't get the human
connection that comes with it which i
think is like but it sounds like with
with with smash brothers melee you found
people who would get just as deep as you
did yeah it's both we're right I I got
to you know when I think about belonging
versus fitting in it's like belonging is
when you can be fully yourself and still
like accepted like I don't have to not
be myself in order to like fit in that
means that's that's some way that you
belong so it's like I can be myself as
much as I want and other people will
still be there and they'll be cool with
me yeah I I think you're talking about
sort of acceptance right so yes yourself
and being accepted for being yourself
yeah and and fitting in is when you sort
of become someone that you're not for
the sake of acceptance exactly and
fitting in super toxic for those of you
don't know yeah why do you say that
why do I say that well I feel that
acceptance is a thing that we're hungry
for and authenticity is also a thing
that we're hungry for and those two
things you know you end up on one side
or the other with the realm of hungry
ghosts if you choose to be purely
authentic but you know everybody hates
you you know because you can't find a
way to be authentic and took like exist
with people I don't know it's difficult
to transcend the need for you know
social interaction
I'm sure or if you like go fully in the
direction of acceptance but you
sacrifice who you are then you know you
may feel good for a little while but
it'll come for you you know it'll have
you gone down that road which one
probably probably I've gone down both
yeah
yeah I'm going down both I know my way I
know my way around this space so Oh
Bobbi is there something in particular
that that you wanted to talk about today
or that I can help you with yeah
absolutely but there's there's almost
too many things but one thing that we
talked about was meeting people where
they are and there's a couple you I'm
gonna just cover a couple things sure so
I listened to your conversation with
looser fruit yesterday and the rightness
anger hurt well there's my arrogance
thing struck a really strong chord and I
think if there's something there for me
there it's a different yeah is that what
your senses yeah there's a different
route you know I think I felt that she
had a route that where you asked her a
question and she gave an answer that I
wouldn't have but like before that I was
pretty much my answers would have been
exact Oh calm and I I think it bit yeah
there's something really important there
okay what do you thing that's coming to
mind is there's this I think it was
Boris or something I don't know the
Deuter you told to clean his room which
I thought was really yeah Julius
bulliest yeah you talked to him about
lying and how if you lie you don't have
to keep the thing you know that you're
gonna lie about like in good order you
can just have it be in you know in other
words you can have your life messy and
you're just gonna lie so now no one
knows
I stopped lying a long time ago because
I learned first hand that it sucks and
it just yeah but I have noticed you know
from that conversation that though okay
so I have a lot of thoughts and I think
about the world in a particular way but
I have never decided to share what I
think with other people and so in a
sense it's not that I'm lying about it
it's just that I'm hiding it and so I've
never gone in there and cleaned it up
and made it presentable and I think that
there's something like important about
accepting for myself the way that I
think that makes sense
like I don't quite I don't want woody
yeah I have this sense that I don't want
other people to know the way that I
think why not why do i why do I have
sensor well yeah what is it that makes
you feel like other people there's a
part of you that you don't want to show
to other people yeah I've had that sense
my whole life okay so I'll talk a little
bit about my history like or you know my
kind of something more personal so in my
family my dad's side there's a disease
called CMT charcot-marie-tooth it's like
a degenerative kind of disease and I
know that both my dad and his dad like
have gone to extreme lengths to hide it
from other people so like their whole
life is about not being seen as weak
because like their their body is
degenerating right so they're always
hiding something I'm pretty confident
that that same anxiety passed to me cuz
I've had the sense my whole life that
like I've been hiding something and for
me I think maybe I just replaced it with
like I don't belong or something like
that but I've been looking for what I've
been hiding my whole life and I've never
found anything like what do I have to
hide where if people found out the thing
then I would be outcast forever I have a
deep sense that there is something there
but I've never been able to find it so
that you're you want to hide something
about who you are and yeah there our
hypothesis is that this was essentially
something that you learned from your dad
and your grandfather yeah and I don't
have the disease is it it is a
what do you call it an inherited disease
and I just didn't get the gene so it's
like if I had it then I would have
filled in the blank with the same thing
and then everything would have been fine
cuz my worldview would have made sense
but now I kind of it's been built on
this thing that doesn't you know I'm
trying to say there's like a whole yeah
so it sounds like you have you feel like
you need to hide something but you can't
understand what it is that you need to
hide yeah and so you know I've filled
that in with a bunch of things along the
line and you know it's like okay yeah so
I've had working hypotheses about what
it might be that I need to hide over
time and it's the answer has changed
well one thing that I still feel that I
do hide without any reason is the way I
think I feel like if people know that
about me and they won't accept me yeah
so why do you think that that's
unfounded though it's possible it is
probably founded it's probably well
founded only didn't didn't we talk I
think yeah go ahead
didn't we talk about how you have a lot
of kind of interpersonal conflict
between people when you share your
thoughts because they're not able to
meet you where you are and you're not
able to meet them where they are yes so
it sounds like when you actually show
who you are to people that it isn't
well-received
I think that's true I also have the
sense that when I when I approach a
conversation from the perspective that I
have something to hide it tends to go
much more poorly than if I show up
without having to hide anything yeah in
other words like I'll hide some of my
assumptions that help make the story
make sense like words that I'm saying
don't make sense to other people and I
realize after the fact that I didn't say
the like first part of the story so
let's just pause for second and just
think about this for a second so you say
that you have something that you feel
like you need to hide about yourself and
let's just understand what the different
hypotheses are for why someone can think
that okay yeah so the first is that you
know so I tend to have like an mo which
tends to be around some scars which is
that you do actually have something to
hide and that's a very genuine feeling
and that if we dig we'll find something
that will fit our hypothesis of there is
something I need to hide I just don't
know what it
hmm but we have to pause for a second
because that hypothesis in a sense part
of what I don't like about that kind of
thinking is that it always presumes that
the answer is like one layer deeper and
if we don't find anything it's that
we're not digging deep enough right so
so it's kind of tricky because it's like
if I believe that there's some like deep
juicy psychological root to all of your
problems I can continue to believe that
and if I don't find it I can just say
that oh it's deeper it's deeper it's
deeper so it's actually a it's not a
very scientific hypothesis because it's
not falsifiable agree second thing is
how much do you know about epigenetics
our inherited trauma have you learned
anything about this stuff studied this
okay no I've only heard from you so I
think this is kind of an very
interesting kind of field of frankly
pseudoscience so the this is really in
the qualitative research realm so it
hasn't really been that born out but as
kind of a promising and kind of
intriguing field so the first is that
when we think about what we inherit from
people before us we tend to think about
genetics right so like if your dad has a
certain hair color or eye color your mom
has a certain hair color eye color
you're likely to have those hair colors
or eye color sometimes you know
depending on whether it's recessive or
dominant things can skip a generation so
we know that there's genetic inheritance
from generations past there's a really
interesting book so this is more of a
qualitative exploration about this
concept of inherited trauma which looked
at Holocaust survivors and specifically
the children of Holocaust survivors and
that the children of Holocaust survivors
exhibited some signs or symptoms of PTSD
which really didn't map on to like any
kind of trauma because they were never
traumatized right it was sort of like
they had some version of PTSD even
though there was never a Sentinel event
so that they believed and acted in
certain ways like almost like you are
right so where you're trying to hide
something I mean that that can be
actually passed on from generations
previously so there are kind of two
scientific mechanisms through this one
is through apogee attic changes so we
have the actual sequence
of our genes and then we also have
epigenetics which is like the activation
or dis activation of particular genes
and those can actually be passed on to
so as you activate let's say like
certain genes that maybe make you more
prone to anxiety even like you can pass
on some degree of that epigenetically
it's still an emerging field the science
is not really clear I guess
pseudoscience is a little bit unfair
it's just an emerging field that we
don't really rice in right the other
thing is that it may not be something
that's on the epigenetic level but is
something more on the the social or
psychological or like upbringing level
right so it's not nature on the
epigenetic it's nurture so yeah
essentially like if your dad was anxious
and and like taught you how to hide then
you can sort of mimic his behaviors yeah
so children of abusive parents will
oftentimes be abusive there's some
really interesting research about if you
have a child with an anxiety disorder
and you have a parent with an anxiety
disorder you can actually treat the
parents anxiety disorder and the child's
anxiety will get better I don't want any
direct treatment I totally believe that
and so then so we have two scientific
kind of causes for the first thing is
that either this has happened either you
feel like you need to hide things number
one because there's something deep down
that you need to hide the second is that
there could be some degree of an
epigenetic phenomenon going on in terms
of like you said that you know in that
something that you've kind of pieced
together right so that there's something
like a tradition of and that may have
changed actually the the way that your
dad's genes were activated and that can
be passed along or that it was sort of
the way that you were raised and taught
and you certain behaviors were modeled
for you mm-hmm
and then we get to the really wild stuff
which is frankly like this sort of garma
reincarnation like that kind of thing
which I mean I think is so first of all
is a little bit more spiritual but I
think generally speaking you know I
think a lot of these like more spiritual
or non scientific concepts are actually
supported by science the further that
science advances
think about God Irma in this idea that
like you you are born with certain
things that are from beyond this life
that's basically what karma says is that
all causes have effects and that all
effects have causes that's really all
god am i saying it's actually like
Newtonian physics so every action has an
equal and opposite reaction and so if
you look at your particular life that
your particular life has causes so the
effects of your life the way that you
are today is actually affected by things
that happened before your life even
began yeah
which SATs true again so the interesting
moment from the perspective of like my
worldview anyway I think it that's true
what do you mean by that
like the I really want to get this thing
out of my throat man this is killing me
does it ever get some water you know get
some water okay yeah just drink
something is that gonna make it go away
I guess it kind of does yeah you have
post-nasal drip is there actually
something in your throat or you feel
like clearing your throat there was but
I think that I the water flush it out
okay you're on top of it I said from the
perspective of my worldview that makes
sense so basically like I've gone to all
sorts of lengths to figure out why I
feel like not good enough not good
enough I know as a theme a lot of people
feel that way I have a very deep sense
of it and I've like tried to fix it so I
try to understand it and so belonging
and community is the number one thing
that's helped me feel like a good enough
person but I've noticed that if I'm in
the melee context you know I feel good
its context you know it kind of goes out
the window and I found that to be very
interesting and so I've kind of noticed
that I had these different personalities
in relation to different communities and
I've thought pretty deeply about that
like I'm as a twitch staff and as an
employee I feel one way you know with my
family I feel a different way with the
melee community I feel a different way
with like my wife's friends I feel a
different way and I played with that I
actually like meditated for an hour a
day for a hundred days to try to like
get deeper into my mind I found that we
can talk about that a little bit later
but I felt very anxious when I met
I don't think that I was in you know I
didn't have the right well anyway I
didn't kind of accept the thoughts as
they came I was trying to be enlightened
I actually straight up was like all
right I'm gonna hit I'm gonna achieve
enlightenment and I know that my idea
about that was like not well-founded
so Bobby I'm gonna jump in for a second
so you say that you kind of have a sense
that you're not good enough yeah and
that you've tried a lot of different
reasons a lot of ways to fix that
because you're assuming that that's like
some kind of pathology or that's
something wrong with you and you tried
meditation and different kinds of
environments and circumstances to help
you feel good enough yeah okay so I have
a really crazy question for you if you I
inserted the fact that maybe you're
actually not good enough yes that's been
hypothesis number one and how do you
feel about that I mean I believe it I
believe that I believe that I'm not
gonna know for sure so I feel great to
think that it makes everything make
sense yeah so so it does that cause you
suffering
ah that's a good question what I'll say
is that that idea does not cause me
suffering I feel totally fine with the
idea that I'm not good enough what does
cause me suffering is to have reflected
back to me something that I don't
believe is true so if someone else kind
of you know you're when you were talking
about when you're talking with loser
fruit you said something about cutting
yourself some slack and that being
something that she could try maybe it
was with the guy you had before Mitch
Mitch Jones okay but anyway my kind of
response as you asked that question you
know the one that comes from me is that
I don't cut myself any slack and I like
that and I want other people to know
that I don't cut myself any slack so
that when they asked me questions like
in other words I wish that I had some
way of saying like you don't believe
that I've done this due diligence but I
have so just stop asking questions along
this line unless you really want to get
into it cuz like I've already done this
work like I don't cut myself any slack
so I don't need you to okay you know ask
me a billion questions about a couple of
different things going on here okay
cool the first is how you relate to
other people which is oh [ __ ] so you
get into that and I can help you with
that but the second thing is I want to
offer another option so I so generally
speaking when people feel like they're
not good enough we almost assume that
that is like a sense of inadequacy right
yeah do you feel inadequate no okay so
good so now I think you are one of the
very rare people where your sense of not
good enough so I don't usually say this
to most people right like so for most
people that I talk to if they tell me
that they don't feel good enough we try
to dig into how their insecurity is
actually like comes from a root that is
like unfair and you're yes I actually
think you're not good enough okay
because it's strange right because in
your sense
you're not good enough doesn't actually
cause you a problem it doesn't cause you
suffering so I think your sense of not
being good enough is actually the
calling of an incomplete karma oh I
totally agree with you yeah I'm not yeah
I totally agree with you
and and so in your case I think that
that force that that causes you to
strive to be a little bit better which I
don't think you need to be better I
think you do something that's a little
bit unhealthy with that but you need to
help yourself understand that you're
first of all you're not you're not good
enough and secondly that that's okay and
that over time you will become good
enough in the way that you need to be
and in the way that the world needs you
to be hmm I'll try it's super hard to
what to be the me that I think the world
is asking me to be yeah so that's your
problem
is because you're trying super hard and
the more you try the less authentic you
become okay that I think that that is
true mm-hmm so so you're right
so what you need to do is just
understand that you don't need to try to
be anyone else you just need to be you
oh people won't like me upon me so then
we get to the second part right which is
the [ __ ] which is the way that's why I
don't that's why I don't be Who I am if
he won't like me upon me I believe that
yeah that that's because so I don't that
that's a problem I agree
okay but that we're gonna have to gonna
go slower we're gonna go into how you
relate to other people but the first
thing that I want you to understand is
that I don't think you're good enough
and I think you're good enough Ness is
not like a deficiency or earning
inadequacy and I'm glad that you
actually don't feel inadequate because I
think this is rare you're good enough
'no siz actually just a sense of
incompleteness it's like a ball that's
been thrown up in the air and hasn't
come down and so just have faith that
that and maybe this is where you know I
would encourage you to
and yeah okay so we got to get to the
other people because that's you're
hesitant at the way that you relate to
other people makes it hard for you to
accept the person that you are because
other people are not willing to accept
that person but I don't think that they
actually see that person I think they
see some distorted version of that
person because I think you've got other
kind of things that come out when you
relate to other people and when you talk
to a guy but let's start with so I think
it's okay for you to not be good enough
I think you're not good enough I think
you have just an incomplete Dharma right
so that sense of not being good enough
is your Dharma so until that voice is
quieted you should continue to strive to
be whatever the world needs you to be
also to be yourself because the world is
not going to ask you to be anything that
you cannot be mm-hmm oh I feel okay I
think that what you're under stand what
you're saying here's let me repeat back
I don't necessarily get I'll tell you
what I do understand I felt that people
have told me that I need to be a
different person and I found that as I
listen to them they don't feel that
anything's gotten better and so I've
learned to kind of not trust when people
tell me oh you need to talk in this way
or you need to do this you need to do
that and they're rather they're pointing
at a sense that they can't quite put
their finger on what the real problem is
okay
and so when you say the world is telling
you like I kind of try to listen to
let's call it reality like people can
tell me things but oftentimes the words
that content is not like really where
the meaning is or where the money is as
you put it so I feel like what you're
saying is that if I read between the
lines the world is not and has not asked
me to be not me
it's just asked me to be me yes and also
the world has told me that I have a
feeling of not good enough and my not
good enough comes from a job not yet
done which is my feeling but that's not
coming from the world that's coming from
you
which part the feeling of not being good
enough okay so the world is asking you
to be a different person or not the
world but individual people so I'll give
you an example or the world telling you
that you're good enough and that's melee
yeah right so when you think about the
melee community you just showed up and
you were just you showed up I just
showed up yeah and that was sufficient
that was enough you felt like you
belonged so we actually have evidence
that when you show up in the right place
at the right time and you be the person
that you're that you are that everything
is is hunky-dory and kosher and
wonderful and that's you fulfilling your
Dharma okay can I ask you a different
question I pivot slightly here's the
thing that happens in melee that lets me
show up as me and I I have a question
all the time when I interact with people
it's even happening right now of like
why like why am I here why are we
talking why is anybody care like why
like guys there's a why question that
with melee the answer was melee and I
didn't have there was no question below
it yep like me talking to you I'm
excited to talk to you so maybe that's a
good enough why like I'm here because I
want to be and I just want to I just
want to talk with you but I find that
like social anxiety and even you know
I'm really working on parenting is I
have a three-year-old and I don't want
to pass my insanity to him I have a why
question of like I want to do a good job
as a dad but it's like it's not a why
it's like how do I do that or what does
that mean or what does it look like it
gets complicated and then I'm in my head
and I'm not right where I'm is that the
right word yeah sure but listen so how
do I be me Who am I okay so how do you
be you
so here's the problem with being you the
problem with being you is you're
concerned about the consequences of
being you and the more you have become
being you the less you become you right
hell yeah I'm concerned about the
consequences I learned right that I
should be concerned about the
consequences there's a lot of saying
that's that's what you got to unlearn
right so that's the pain that you got a
process because let me explain something
to you you can't screw up your kid like
you just can't right like like does that
make sense to you or no no hero so so
you know you have a three-year-old right
so your three-year-old like comes up to
you sometimes and wants to do something
and then like like what's the last thing
your three-year-old ask you to do be a
monster okay be a shark okay and so like
eat the corn and the tomatoes that the
farmers growing okay and did you do that
I did okay so was that what was the
consequent that did you mess him up no
but I think if I said no I don't care
about your stupid shark that wouldn't
been bad that would have been bad I
agree
but what what did you feel like doing
what was the authentic you telling you
to do I really would have preferred to
rest okay I chose to be a shark okay
right so is that net net net net I
prefer to be a shark okay so so in fact
like that's that's what being a parent
is right like your kids sometimes shows
up and like wants you to be a shark and
you want to rest and if you're just
gonna do your dog amount to your child
it's like being a shark for a little
while because the other thing that you
need to understand if you tell your
child from time to time that Daddy
really doesn't want to be a shark right
now I'm super tired
is that gonna mess him up no that would
be a nice way to say it
but I feel guilty sometimes I don't know
I've been listening to how you talk
about you know how you are with your
kids and I think it's really good and I
want to learn how to do that better
how'd it be less apologetically me I had
this kind of thing that's in my mind of
like being a little bit more we need to
do is stop
to be better like this is the problem is
that you have a sense of incompleteness
right but then ya think that the
solution to that incomplete list if
you're not good enough the solution is
to get better that's where you're making
a mistake you don't need to be better
just because you're not good enough
doesn't mean that you need to be better
cuz that sense of completeness are
becoming better is gonna happen like you
didn't create smash smash happen to you
whatever is gonna happen to you is gonna
happen to you like you get that your kid
happened to you yeah like you didn't
like your kid is amazing yeah did you
make I didn't know so like like if you
didn't make that amazing using what me
what makes you think you can [ __ ] up
that amazingness you're right you're
right tunics it yeah you're right you're
yeah you're right you're right right
about what where I saying it's like
completely ridiculous it's it's a
delusion of control to believe that I
can that I'd like yeah that I
super-duper influence my kid because i
do realize you know through meditation I
barely even control myself
you know yeah so so this is where to
think that I can both control myself
predict the bounces of what I'm gonna do
and how he's gonna hear it at that
particular moment so that I can craft
him into it as ridiculous exactly right
so that's the thing you can't craft him
into anything you can't make him be good
and you can't make him be bats also just
share something from the field of
Psychiatry so sometimes when I'm working
in the emergency room which is not
something thankfully I do much anymore
but I actually kind of miss it so
sometimes you get a kid who comes in
who's like completely all who has
something that we call SLS [ __ ] life
syndrome like that's the diagnosis they
have like ADHD and PTSD and depression
and this learning disability and this
kind of thing they've been in juvie and
they've got this case worker so like
they're all these like diagnoses that we
checked but really what it is is there's
this wonderful nurse practitioner who
works in the emergency room who's like
she's just she's a veteran so she's been
doing it for a long time and she was
like a brilliant person taught me a lot
about psychiatry she's like this part of
this kid doesn't have any of this stuff
this kid has [ __ ] life syndrome and then
so then something funny happens so like
when you meet the kid and the kid is
like a complete [ __ ] or whatever and
you try to be compassionate
empathic or whatever and you you make
some progress with the kid and then at
some point you meet the parents and then
one of two things happens when you meet
the parents you start to ask yourself
how can you still hear me
are we frozen Oh hold on
twitch chat' my life frozen crash okay
hold on Oh are we back can you hear me
Bobby I can hear you okay so I was where
did where did we lose you I thought it
froze for a second you're asking chat
you didn't never lose me but okay so you
heard the story about yeah her soul then
you meet the parents okay if you meet
the parents one of two things happens
you either so at some point like you
know you meet a really like messed up
kid and then you meet the parents and
then you say oh that's why they're that
way like you how did this kid end up
like this and then you meet the parents
they're like oh that makes perfect sense
that's how but sometimes you meet the
parents and they're like the nicest most
wonderful people in the world they have
two siblings who are also like wonderful
people and you're like how the [ __ ] did
that happen we have no idea that
sometimes I mean is it I know it sounds
insensitive but like sometimes you just
get like a bad kid and it's not the kids
fault but it's also not the parents
fault
mm-hmm my point is that you know like
you're like your kid is amazing and you
didn't really make him that way he's
just do it right it makes sense to me
and so you can't craft him into
something but you can certainly do right
things or you can do wrong things right
there are times where you can say like
you know I'm too tired and there are
also times where you can like be a shark
so you can do your Dharma to him but you
don't control the Karma you control the
Dharma you control what you do you don't
control what happens to him yeah and who
he becomes you just do the best that you
can and at times it's important to tell
him that you're tired because he's got
to understand that like other human
beings have like feelings and limits you
know and he can start to learn
compassion and things like that so I
think that you can you can you know
logic yourself and thought loop yourself
into thinking that you're doing a bad
job no matter what you're doing
and so to kind of sum up I mean I think
yeah I think I think your problem is
that you try too hard to control the
consequences of your behavior sure for
sure yeah I see that
and.and so okay so let me just think is
that sufficient on that do we want to
talk about other people do you need a
you know an analogy about nature to
drive things home no I think I I think I
understand what you're saying okay so
help us understand what I'm saying I
think that I mean you talk about it all
the time man and and I know it from from
playing melee like if I'm trying to win
though the best thing to do if you're
trying to win is like don't try to win
like you just have to play like it's
always a paradox at the end of the day I
think that you're telling me that I'm
not seeing I'm seeing a paradoxes cause
and effect where like I can just try to
be better and that's gonna do the thing
but if I want to be better I need to not
try to be better
exactly right if I want to see Who I am
then I need to stop trying to trying is
trying is the devil I mean I'm trying to
figure out who I am so that I can be Who
I am I'm trying to control being Who I
am just kind of ridiculous trying I'm
trying trying like you can't you know
ascendance doesn't come out of your your
mouth with without the word trying yeah
it doesn't come out of my head either
either my head exactly what citizen that
that's how we're seeing what's in your
head and that's the problem you need to
pull out a crime and this is where I
think it related to other people so I
agree so I think I completely agree so I
will get into that but now I want to
just go back for a second and just
remind you that
okay let me just think about this so
oddly enough I think your sense of not
being good enough is actually could be
your solace here so for a lot of people
feeling not good enough is a sense of
inadequacy which makes you want to try
harder but if you can accept that you're
and I think you're halfway there because
your sense of not being good enough
doesn't cause you suffering it's not a
sense of inadequacy it's just the sense
of something half done right and so if
you can take solace in the fact that the
other half is gonna come when it's gonna
come that a flower is gonna bloom when
it blooms like you can see the bulb and
you can say it hasn't bloomed yet and
like that doesn't have to be a problem
and the flower can think like oh I need
to bloom but like no you're gonna bloom
it's just gonna happen when it happens
and that's what smash taught you so
you're gonna is teaching you this
already that in order to create this
amazing child you didn't need to try to
do anything you just needed to be the
person that you could be be the best
person that you could every day for your
son and as long as you do that he seems
to be doing pretty good and you're
afraid that you're going to curse him
with all of your negativity and stuff
like that don't worry about it man if
it's in his garma to get cursed he's
gonna get cursed and it's not something
that you can control you can just
control the most that you can do so take
solace in the fact that you actually
don't need to try and that your sense of
completeness is gonna come mm-hmm it's
gonna come the same way that Miele came
the same way that your son came into
your life the same way that like
important things are happening into your
life the same way that you were here
Morpheus looking for neo and then lo and
behold I knew you were gonna come I I
knew it I predicted it I knew it was
gonna happen yeah so maybe you are
Morpheus right but so that's the thing
so so take solace in that right that
that that life is gonna give you what
you need and you actually don't need to
try because the most amazing things that
you've done in life have been without
trying so it's not a winning strategy
buddy no it's a terrible strategy yeah
so now we can it's difficult to learn
that strategy generally and I'm excited
to get to the next part cuz I think that
that's in nowhere yeah I completely
agree so so good so let's talk about
what's the next part other people
absolutely good let's talk about other
people I've got two camps okay you're
one of my people or you're not hmm
you're one of my people I could be
myself if you're not I can not and I've
noticed that I have a you know there's a
score system you start out I don't even
know where you start out but I've
noticed that I have no mechanism to kind
of increase my sense of trust only to
decrease and that once it's decreased
it'll never go back up it's like totally
messed up okay how long died at that
time I think as long as I can remember
to be honest what's your gently a little
bit about your upbringing yeah so yeah I
have one little brother he was he was
he's two and a half years younger than
me something like that I was I think
pretty much showered with attention like
I think my parents my parents parenting
style was basically like love you know
love my kid just purely expressed love
like get stuff for them and then I think
my dad had this strategy of if there's
something that I don't like criticize it
until they stop doing it so you know
I've kind of wondered you know we talk a
lot of it when you get into psychology
you kind of think about the story that
kids tell themselves and I kind of have
this feeling that before my brother was
born or whatever or even you know before
my Deb got concerned that I was a brat
uh the game that I was playing was
basically just show up and be me and
everything's gonna be totally chill
right people are gonna get stuff for me
everybody's excited about me everybody
wants to listen to what I have to say
and then one day my dad starts saying
you know as I'm just doing my normal
stuff that always is a winning strategy
he's like hey you know you're being a
brat like nobody likes a brat and like
kind of making fun of me then if I cried
about it it's like you know you're being
a
my baby or whatever it's like well
that's [ __ ] you know what happened in
the old game where I just you know you
never did this I'm bringing all the
subjects because I feel like this is
kind of how I've thought about how to
explain how I work because it is
difficult to explain
sure so so yeah I'm sorry why you're 11
I'm laughing because so the more that I
get conclusions from other people the
harder my job is mmm
you want you don't want conclusions you
want right so your conclusions that are
generally so when I get conclusions from
people so it's it's clear that you've
thought a lot about this and I've
noticed this in the couple of
conversations we've had Bobby that
sometimes it's hard because I have to
like unravel your conclusions to try to
get the raw data so that I can grab the
raw data yeah I think you're gonna give
me whatever you gonna give me and it's
fine I'm just laughing because it just
means I have to you know it's just that
my process is gonna be different
and I think for overall it's generally
good that people are thoughtful and
reflective because the the upside of
what you do is that we cover a lot more
ground because right you know I don't
have to stop and and digest everything
but let me ask you this did you ever get
back to how did you ever kind of get
back to where you were with your dad no
not yet
not not quite recently I think something
happened where my dad was worried that I
want it because I moved away and I
changed my last name you know there's a
couple things I think he interpreted as
me like distancing myself but we had a
conversation and came to a head and I
pretty much told him like hey man like I
love you and I'm your son and like I
want to you know I want to I want that
to be the case and there's nothing else
going on I think since then we've kind
of connected a lot more like I noticed
something changed but my dad was very
much like more the dictator and the
authority you know he's very high-stress
he's a very anxious person I think he's
like a workaholic to kind of cope and my
mom kind of keeps the peace and my mom
was kind of the one who like listened
and stuff I never got along with my
little brother we like fought a lot he
kind of picked on me and my mom told me
to like
because I'm older this is maybe when I
was six or seven it's like my
responsibility to just like kind of take
it and that I think was very formative
like I remember that I have very few
memories from my childhood but I
remember that very clearly how do you
think that affected you well I think
that it makes me more patient you know
I've noticed that I'm a very patient
person like I can listen to other people
when they're feeling hurt for a very
long time so I can sit with feeling hurt
I guess for a long time but on the other
hand I don't really know how to take
negative or critical words from other
people I don't know how to deal with it
okay so I from kind of letting it in and
believing it
that's a conclusion but I guess I've
just noticed that when my brother did
that it's like for me to not react like
I had to find a way to not react and so
that's created a bunch of behaviors and
coping strategies and stuff like what I
definitely think that kind of just
wondering if they're right is a pretty
effective strategy to not react to
something like so my brother would be
like oh you know you've got a piece of
pizza face or whatever when I had acne
and it's like I could be upset but if I
stop and think about well maybe I do you
know and then I feel like some shame or
whatever then I don't really react
what's wrong with reacting that was what
my mom is asking me to do in other words
I interpreted it as like don't react to
the you know if he's making fun of you
like you you're the older brother so be
patient and be patient in my mind was
don't react okay
isn't that what that means sure what
would she ask me to do it yeah yeah um I
think um I just I have a lot to say
actually but I'm just thinking about so
let me ask you this so I'm almost
getting the impression that you know in
your dad your relationship with your dad
was sort of you started out in a
particular place and then you kind of
got bumped down a notch because you were
being obnoxious and then you got bumped
down another notch because you were
being a crybaby
and that in a sense it's been really
hard to claw your way back up
yeah for what it's worth I don't have
any real memory of being in that
original place but I'm sure that I was
you know from my cameos and stuff you
just you just remember the back slide
yeah I do remember this in gradually
yeah so I remember like at a certain
point I kind of understood my dad as
more of a force of nature and less of a
person with feelings and motivations and
kind of like control that's helped me
mm-hmm and when you think about other
people and when they lose ground in your
eyes how do you think about them do you
think about them as people or do you
think about them as forces of nature mmm
forces of nature for sure absolutely for
sure no question one of the things that
really struck a chord was when you asked
the question of like okay so if someone
does something to hurt I'm also very
very sensitive like I feel hurt all that
you know very easily like is it better
if they have a good reason or a bad
reason like a bad reason is kind of like
unacceptable in my mind and I just kind
of don't even consider that that's
possible so there has to be a good
reason and the best good reason I can
think of for like lots of people
ignoring me and stuff is that you know
they're kind of motivated by other
things and like I'm not really part of
the equation
it helps numb the pain for me to think
that someone did something and it hurt
me and but like they weren't really
thinking about it
Bobby you experienced a lot of hurt man
yeah yeah I think I had the empathic
sponge thing dude well my wife will tell
me stories about like you know her
coworkers or whatever and like you know
they did this thing and like it wasn't
quite right and she's upset about it I
feel like I feel her hurt and judgement
but I feel the other person's like
struggle to be good enough and to be
seen well in other people's eyes and
then it's like I feel I feel so much
when she tells me that I feel like I
feel the whole world of hurt so you you
caught yourself you almost said I feel
hurt all the time but you didn't quite
say that do you feel hurt all the time
almost all the time yeah what's yeah I
do it feels like the incompleteness that
I have to be honest it feels like you
gotta get that no I don't think it's for
me I don't have an appointment it feels
like I deserve it
it feels kind of sad but it feels
motivating at the same time hold on a
second sorry yeah dr. K with the phone
dude sounds like a dog barking
weird hold on a second
yep for sure still 11:04 my time I hope
I do homies hadn't convinced when you
said I'm here to see you sounded
convincing to me too
I may have to step outside for a second
and just figure something out but yeah
so so Bobby I mean I I so did it's that
feeling of in it's that feeling of not
being good enough uh no I feel like no
it's different it feels like someone
else feels like someone else or lots of
other people feel hurt and it's my job
to do something about it like I feel
like I had to protect them from from
kind of what I experienced the hurt that
I experienced that's what it feels like
when we talk about me feeling it hurt
all the time that's what it feels like
it really does if it feels like what I
feel like I'm hurt because I identify
with other people and how hurt they are
and that I need to do something about it
okay let me just think for a second let
me figure out who's in my office - okay
so I'm gonna just
I'm gonna have to stop at about 10 or 15
minutes is that okay mm-hmm we can pick
this up um but I just want to go back to
so when you feel hurt you feel like you
have to protect other people from that
hurt yeah yeah I feel a Papa Bear
instinct so if my wife is telling me
about a co-worker and how that person's
like not doing their job or whatever I
remember when I couldn't do my job and
like no one taught me how to do my job
and that's [ __ ] right and I know other
people looked at me in this way you know
where it's like oh you suck but it's
like no one taught me that's not fair
and I feel like it's time for me to step
in and make it clear that like you can't
just treat people like that it's okay
for people to not know what they're
supposed to do but then it is so but
there's so many different layers of that
happening all the time so what what UPS
what kind of conflict do you have with
other people can you give me a little
more to go yeah so like no one tiling a
little bit go ahead go ahead so you were
kind of talking about how like you know
sometimes people say things to you and
you feel like like you you know you do
your due diligence and they'll question
you and then you'll feel like they don't
respect that you're doing your due
diligence right right right right um
yeah I think that the conflict so here's
the conflict that I think that I have I
show up to work every day and I'd show
up in most places every day feeling like
I've got a job to do and it's like a big
job
I also am aware that this is more of a
conclusion so I won't even add that part
and so I'm coming to work and I'm having
a conversation and it's like I
understand that the stakes for example
like community is very sensitive so I've
really deeply studied community in it
that you need to find a way for people
like lots of different kinds of people
to find their way in and like be
accepted really be accepted without
compromising the integrity of the thing
that people are coming together around
it's very delicate and it's very
sensitive and if you get it slightly
wrong you can compromise the integrity
of the community which is devastating to
everybody or you can ostracize someone
who's trying to come in and that's also
that's devastating to me personally so
the stakes are very high and I'm trying
to communicate this and I'm trying to do
this kind of like very advanced in my
mind very technical very delicate dance
and like other people aren't on that
level you're not thinking about it the
same way and I can't get them to think
about it the same way and I know that
the you know the decision or whatever
you know other perspective is out there
could hurt a lot of people does that
make sense yeah so so that sounds
incredibly frustrating yeah what upsets
you about the way they treat you I just
felt it the thing that gets me very very
angry is like what I perceive is
unearned confidence uh oh my god like I
get so angry if someone's saying like no
no no it's just this way like it's
simple and they don't even they they
don't have the full picture so like kind
of a disrespect of the
when you when you brought up arrogance
it's like okay in my mind all human
beings were like naturally arrogant
whenever anybody says something they
want to believe that what they just said
is correct
right mmm so provided that that's gonna
be true and I don't want to say anything
wrong I have a deep sense of not saying
anything wrong
I need to be aware of my own arrogance
and so I need to check everything that I
think is right because it's probable it
might be wrong but because I think it's
right that's like zero data it's like
you know and so I'm trying to hold that
for me and for other people like I find
that I do that in the melee community I
try to hold our arrogance in check and
they let me do it in the melee community
in a lot of other places I don't know
one lets me do that
and so I get very angry because it's
like no no no you're just literally
being biased like any executive at any
company you know Nintendo or could tell
me oh I know this that and the other but
it's like customer dawg
I'm your customer and you don't know
your customer I know you don't know your
customer because of everything you're
saying it shows me that you don't know
what you're talking about
so just like why do I even need to talk
to you that's what that's kind of the
anger that I feel and and so what do you
think it is that people so we were
talking earlier about how you know you
not being good enough is reinforced by
the way that other people treat you
mm-hmm but this seems different right so
I think what they're responding to is
not the authentic you yeah what are they
responding to
so what you just said I don't know if I
I hear it and it makes sense but I'm not
sure that I believe it what don't you
have what your response what they're
responding to is not the authentic you I
think maybe I think it's the authentic
me the me that's trying I think is the
authentic me no it's not exactly so that
that's not that connection has not been
made up here like when you said it I was
thinking to myself like men are so very
good so the the authentic you doesn't
try if you're trying you're not the
authentic you oh right so the authentic
you is being it's not trying
I think also what's going on is
something that they're triggering
something but what comes out is actually
not the authentic you what comes out is
some sense of now this is important so I
think there's also inadequacy like this
sounds like inadequacy like there you're
like you guys are not giving me the
respect that I deserve
absolutely yeah it's all at you go I can
tell
I don't shrug any sauce so but that's
not the authentic you so then the
question becomes so then I think like
your whole like like it's not your
premises wrong you're doing this weird
thing where you have a sense that you're
not good enough and that's your
incomplete karma and that actually
doesn't cause you any suffering or lack
of peace or anything like that that you
actually have been complete and good
enough several times in your life oh
okay I guess I just have a flash of
something I'm sorry to cut off go okay
so I feel like what I'm trying to do my
Karma or at my Dharma is like I'm trying
to cast a OE belonging let's call it
that right you're doing AoE healing I'm
trying to catch Larkin and I kind of do
it in the melee community and I'm trying
to build the tools that I would need and
that my community would need to like
grow way faster that's my idea that's
what I want to do I want to do it for us
but I also want to do it for other
people like me and other people like us
which includes you I'm trying to control
that outcome yeah you're very welcome
I'm trying to control that outcome and I
feel so close dr. K to being able to do
it I feel like I'm so close if only
right if only I had the respect people
would listen or only if only all like
these these things then it would be done
and not only would I be complete but
like it would bring you know something
really important to the people of the
world which is what I have to do and I
feel like people are in my way that's
what makes me crazy what do you think
about that
I think at once it could be true but it
could be true that I'm right about some
things that are really important I also
think that
you know I think about other people
unlike I'll get upset about it but also
so poppy I'm gonna cut you off okay sir
yes do it do it here's here's here's the
problem so I think that you have this
burden on your shoulders and first of
all you're trying to do it right so
that's mistake number yes and the harder
you try look more you try you're like I
want this like it's like it's almost
like I'm gonna use this weird analogy
it's like you're trying to get someone
to love you yeah like I want you to love
me I want you to love me I want you to
love me and then in comes someone in the
middle and gets in the way of you making
someone love you and then you get mad at
that person because why are you in the
way of this great work that I'm trying
to do I'm trying to save humanity with
AoE belonging and you are like getting
in my way
and then I think what they're responding
to is not your authenticity but like
this whole complex like this is not you
like the way that you created belonging
is not through trying it's through being
it's a subtle difference subtle subtle
subtle subtle subtle and I think what
they're responding to is is your
frustration that they are not getting
into line and I don't think you can
blame them for that because that's
[ __ ] you know you're like you're
telling them that like you it's like
you're playing whack-a-mole and they're
there like the one nail that is like a
little bit above popping out of the
bench and you're trying to hammer them
into place and they don't like it when
you hammer them mm-hmm
and and that too is like there's some
part of you I think that sort of longs
for this kind of sense of you know the
greater good and that everyone needs to
get in line and it's like a little bit
like you know like I mean there's a lot
of you know the road to creating the
greater good is like tramples on all
kinds of people right and and I think
that what you what you really need to do
is like first of all take a step back
from trying to create this thing so hard
like that so if you can start solve the
trying I think a lot of this stuff is
gonna get better but then secondly like
it's not that you're inadequate it's
just that they're responding to you
being an [ __ ] which is that believe
is probably true
which which I think sometimes you can
become and and the reason that you
become an [ __ ] is because you're
trying so hard and someone is getting in
your way I'm also trying really hard to
not be an [ __ ] but it turns out that
trying to not be an [ __ ] and trying
it doesn't add up and to do that
stuffing an [ __ ] I mean so I think
this is where like you know taking a
page out of your mom's playbook I think
what you need is patience right so the
first thing is that you can't make this
thing happen because it's like false
like if this one person gets in line
like what you're gonna get what you're
trying to create is like not gonna
actually happen
secondly the things that you need to
accomplish what you need what you want
to in life to do your daughter mom
they're actually gonna pop up and help
you out like you're playing an RPG where
like you walk into a town and there's a
guy there who's ready to join your party
you don't have to make him he's there
and like you're that person and like so
whether you're Morpheus and I'm neo or
the other way around like you predicted
my rise within the world of twitch and
Here I am to help you out and so you've
got to take a step back and do what you
need to do and if there are forces that
are getting in your way you know don't
take it personally because it's not
personal they just don't understand they
may not be as deep of thinkers as you
are but like you can't blame them for
being what they are you can't be mad at
a cucumber for not being a flower right
and and somewhere along the way like
your relentless pursuit of this great
thing I think is letting you engage in
all kinds of bad mental stuff in your
head I agree yeah I agree with you and
and so can I ask ya a question sure my
question is back to who am i but who am
i if I'm not trying like I haven't been
anyone who's I've been trying for a long
time yeah but you haven't right so like
when you it's purpose without purpose
that's not trying it's the thing with
nothing underneath you've been it Bobby
yeah you've been it so like like I have
a meditation practice for you and then
unfortunately I'm gonna have to stop
yeah yeah yeah because I I did actually
make an appointment so not the guy's
fault
I just I just texted him incorrectly but
um so I want you to like just like what
do you like to do with your kid again
I'm trying to figure it out I like
playing outside I'll hang outside do you
ever watch your kids sleep yeah
that's pretty dope so like so I want you
to just watch your kids sleep right and
then like like I can't leave my sleeping
children alone so I have to like attack
them and kiss them and and rub their
feet and things like that and and just
bother them to no end
but so I I want you to think about like
you know when when you're doing when
you're in that moment and they're being
who they are and you're being who you
are where's the trying right so like sit
and just do that and look for the trying
and then the next time you're in
conflict with someone look for the
trying
okay right like like just just just take
a snapshot of watching your child sleep
and take a snapshot of an interaction
with another person where they're not
being the thing that you want them to be
or whatever and just see how different
those two moments are and then you tell
me so we're gonna have to do follow-up
so I apologize for having to cut things
a little bit short but you tell me then
which one is the real you all right for
sure I'll do that I'm gonna look at the
trying yeah look for the trying right
and look for the absence of trying look
for the triangle look for the being yeah
and I think the more that you can
gravitate towards your authentic self I
think like you've done it a couple of
times already and you're gonna continue
to do it
and then we can get into like what's the
deal with this grand you know this grand
work that you have to do like I don't
doubt that it's grand work but when you
start thinking of it as grand work is
like when it gets them to a problem like
I run into all kinds of problems when
you know I take seriously that people
think I'm here to like save them and
stuff like that there's a real cult
mentality that if we're not careful is
gonna grow in healthy gamer yeah for
sure
and and so it's it's just I mean it's
just about individual conversations
right it's not about I mean AoE healing
is cool and all but it's not about what
the viewercount is it's not about other
people it's a conversation between me
and you yeah and and that's the Dharma
that we do in as long as we stick with
that term oh we're doing great and I
think you've got to learn how to just be
yourself a little bit more yeah the
other things like it might be right the
last thing is like I don't know where
this like deep well of hurt that seems
to never end comes from I don't think it
comes from the outside I think it comes
from within and we gotta understand you
know where did you learn to hurt so
easily and like what's the what's the
deal with that that's bad because I
think most anger has its origins and
hurt and you seem to me to be incredibly
angry yeah for sure and and so that
means that you got hurt somewhere right
like and like even when you respond to
those people in those moments like why
don't you guys take me seriously like
that's you that's like anger that's
coming from hurt like they're hurting
you with their words and then you
respond with anger so like I don't know
what that that's completely separate
from what we were talking about earlier
like yeah so that we can get into but
yeah anyway cool good work today is your
breakfast or I got a run okay cool so
sorry guys but I think in your case your
meditation practice is to catch look
trying and to watch your child sleep
will do okay and then if you've watched
something maybe you can lead everyone
else but
you're gonna live you are you go to my
stream I'm actually not live right now
because I'm on a Mac and it's like who
should who should I raid